First we declare the message converter we will be using,
which is the MappingJackson2MessageConverter.
You need to set the target type of the message,
in our case we want it to be a text message.
You can also set the name of the JMS property that will be
used to store the fully-qualified class name.
In our case, we'll be using _messageType.
So onto our definition of our JmsTemplates.
First the definition for queue destinations.
I'm simply creating a new instance of the JMS template,
passing in the cachingConnectionFactory in the constructor,
and finally I'm setting the all-important message
converter Bean we just created.
Then onto the topicJmsTemplate,
the only difference between this one and the queueJmsTemplate is to call the method set pubSubDomain with a value of true.